Asians generally don't think that mental health exists-you're either stupid or you're lazy and there's not really anything else you can explain. I didn't realize what was really going on with me until probably about sophomore year of high school because I ended up in the hospital for suicidal ideation. When I was in the hospital-usually it's a 3 day holding period-instead of having me there for 3 days, I left the same night because my parents came and told me that I should lie to get out of it so I could go to school the next day. So I lied to the therapist and said I did it for the attention and then just went to school the next day.

That's when I realized, you know what? Mental health is important and we need to talk about it. I never tried talking about it to my parents because I knew they didn't believe in it. For my project for Girl Scouts my junior and senior year, I focused on mental health awareness. I worked on a lot of different things within my community. Because my congressional district is quite Asian and my school was about 69% Asian, it was a unique place for us to talk about it. This was before mental health was really talked about...ever. I didn't realize it at the time, but I was one of the first, especially in my community, to talk about it.

BUt I thought that was it. I thought I would go to college and everything was going to be fine and I was going to be happy and I thought that my parents and the pressures and all the weird drama was going to end. The first night I got here, I remember being in my bed thinking, "Oh, new beginning, it's going to be good." I quickly realized that wasn't really the case. For a long time, I thought that not figuring things out was on me and not on any mental health issues. For all of freshman year, I didn't really do anything about it-I only went to therapy once. It was a lady who was like, "Have you ever tried talking to your parents?" I'm like, "Uh yeah, thank you, yes."

I fell into mental health work in college because I tried to go to CAPS, I tried to do all these things, and it was really hard for me to navigate the system. When I saw that there were a bunch of things going on with mental health here on campus, I thought, "Ahh ok, I want to get involved somehow," because it was such a shitty experience for me to try to navigate the system on my own. It kind of spiraled from here.

It's weird, because you do all this mental health work on campus. Everyone comes to you for help now. They always ask, "Please help me through the system," and they're always talking to you, sharing their experiences. I like being that person that people can come to for help, but at the same time, it's exhausting. The whole time I was working on mental health awareness on campus, I wasn't working on my own mental health. My therapist went on medical leave in the middle of last semester, and I didn't seek other help. I should have.

I lost a friend to suicide that semester, right before